all right so a few days ago we got to
see what those new AMD processors were
capable of doing these Rison 4000 chips
are just incredible eight cores very
power efficient and easily cooled like
you can keep that thing properly cooled
in a 14 inch device that is super small
very impressive stuff however Intel was
bound to respond and they have so they
came out with their 10th gen stuff and
here's the reality it's not a huge jump
up in performance right we're looking at
a small bump up in clock speed and some
of the SKUs have eight cores now instead
of six cores but it's still 14 nanometer
still got six cores on the bottom and
it's still marketed as having a 45 watt
TDP so these new 10th gen intel chips
aren't super exciting to me like I'm
much more interested in what AMD brought
this year so the million other question
is why get an Intel based laptop right
now like why would you get one of these
instead of an AMD thing and it's because
we don't we don't get to choose like we
literally don't get to choose it's not
like a desktop if you have a desktop you
just go up by an AMD motherboard AMD
processor and you have an AMD system
with this stuff
the manufacturer made this choice for
you a year ago or a year and a half ago
so most of the top-tier kind of premium
gaming laptops are all running 10th Gen
Intel stuff this year not that they're
bad or anything but I just I would have
liked to have seen more AMD offerings
because of how much potential that chip
has and the other thing they also have
the new are TX super GPUs from Nvidia so
if you want the best possible graphics
and the best possible gaming laptops you
have to go with Intel ok first device
zephyrus duo this is this is so cool
I'll show you again when you open the
device watch the the hinge area already
you open the device the secondary screen
pops up to this I think it's like 13
degrees ok I have done several videos on
devices with secondary screens and
they've always been these devices that
were kind of cool and almost like these
tech demos of what you could do with a
secondary screen but this is the first
one that I've used and the first one
that I've ever seen where I'm like I
want this this is a device that I
actually want to use as my regular
machine because it's so much more
functional and usable with
this tilt it just makes that whole
secondary screen like you know it just
it brings it up to your face you don't
feel like lean over and look at what
you're doing and I've tilt it this way
so you can see um okay so it's got your
regular trimmings as a gaming laptop
it's got your 15-inch 240 Hertz three
millisecond screen it's like a standard
high-end gaming laptop screen but this
secondary screen it's it's touch
sensitive for one its 4k and it's so
cool and I've only had this for a couple
days to just kind of play around with it
it's an engineering sample I can't do
like proper benchmarks on it because
this is not like retail hardware but I'm
just gonna be straight up when you play
games and like lets you have anything
running down here like it could be a
website could be discord it could be
like hardware info is you can monitor
your temps it can be anything you wanted
there it's right where your face would
be it's a really nice angle I wish it
was a little brighter but my overall
experience using this as a secondary
screen was excellent and if you're video
editing you throw your timeline down
there you're good to go if you're into
music production I imagine
extra screen real estate is good for
that world I know nothing of music
production but that's just how I picture
it if you're doing anything anything
that can utilize more screen real estate
which is I imagine a lot of people
that's what this offers so it's running
the tenth Gen Intel C using at either
the six core or the eight core it's got
the RT X 2070 super max Q or an RT X
2080 Super Max Q so it's very powerful
stuff in this very powerful system now
to achieve this secondary screen they
have to shove the keyboard down we've
seen this kind of keyboard setup in a
lot of premium gaming laptops where
they're trying to do something with that
extra space up top and in this case it's
a screen and there's also fans
underneath the screen where it sucks in
the air to just kind of keep things as
cool as possible but this lowered
keyboard position is something you have
to get used to now I'm someone that's
tested a lot of laptops like this so I'm
used to it I'm not sure if they include
a wrist rest in the retail version but
it is a different kind of keyboard
positioning then you would be used to
not just like the angle of your hand
with the wrist rest or not it's also
you're further away from the screen than
a regular 15-inch laptop right so
normally your hands would probably be
like four or five inches closer to the
screen which means seem
a lot but if you're used to playing
games in a certain position like your
hands are now just further back than
they used to be on this particular
gaming laptop the keyboard layout is
pretty good I believe that this one is
an ISO layout like from the European
region that's why the shift and the
slash key are down here and there's also
the trackpad on the right again if
you're not used to it it's a little bit
weird but you get used to it if you're
actually someone who's picking this up
for using it you can adapt to it quite
readily but I think most people be using
a mouse with this system regardless so
the reason why they did this whole shift
was really for the screen like to be
able to have this mechanism where the
screen pops up and down or just even
have a screen at all on a system like
this you need to shift that down but
look at that look at that hinge like it
when you close it it goes down and when
you open it back up it pops up and this
hinge is really well made like you put
pressure on it
it feels rock-solid it doesn't look like
it's gonna bust or anything like it
feels it feels good it does make the
device a little bit bigger like you can
see the chin of the screen is a little
bit thicker than your kind of average
15-inch gaming laptop and they've done
it because they just needed the the real
estate in here to fit everything they
could the screen the keyboard and
whatever they need it internally for
cooling okay let's take a look at the
inside this is a easy device to get into
on the bottom and inside you have your
one upgradable RAM slot you also have
your heat sinks with liquid metal from
thermal Brizzy which is really cool like
we've seen other companies do it as well
but when you add liquid metal if you're
unfamiliar with this stuff when you add
liquid metal as the thermal interface
material on laptops you get
significantly better temperatures
there's two nvme slots and is one Wi-Fi
six card from Intel and there's also a
90 watt hour battery now because this
system is powering a lot of stuff like
that secondary screen probably sucks up
a good amount of juice I don't expect
battery life to be amazing but because
it's not a huge laptop I think it'll be
okay
that'll come in my future review of this
device I've only had two days with it so
I haven't done a proper battery test on
it but I think the overall design of
this laptop has also done quite well
it's got this kind of muted grey - it's
all metal it's nothing super obnoxious
or flashy no crazy red accents no crazy
lights it's like a very
business-oriented device I can just play
games incredibly well so during the day
you can check your stock markets with
that second
a screen and because the markets are so
trashed right now you probably play
games during the day as well but that's
the Zephyrs duo keep your eye out for
the review on that thing because yeah
that's a very interesting device to me
second device of interest to me is the
razor blade so these have been updated
this year there's two models like the
previous year there's a razor blade base
model which I have here as well as the
razor blade advance now the thing we've
changed with both of them that's most
interesting to me is the keyboard if
you've seen any of my razor blade
reviews I've always bitched about the
shift key like the right shift key I
know it was such a minor thing and like
it affected seven people in the whole
world because no one seems to use the
right shift except for me and Linus but
there's right shift key is now with this
proper shift key it's like a regular
full-size shift key where you won't be
making mistakes the other thing they've
added to the base model is you can now
get an OLED panel option in the base
model and on the inside they've gotten
rid of the two half inch SATA drive and
they replace it with a secondary m2 slot
so then there's two nvme drives inside
the razor blade base model now this unit
here is again an engineering sample I
can't run benchmarks on it I can't run
like I can't do anything with it at
least not officially so you'll have to
wait for the proper reviews on these
things but the base models do not get
the r-tx
super GPUs you have to go to the
advanced model to get the latest and
greatest from Nvidia these have just
like the regular RT X cards it does have
an improved screen so it's got a gaming
screen like not this one but they have
like a 144 Hertz option but the advanced
model has a 300 Hertz option probably
take advantage of the new GPUs but
they're both running 10th Gen Intel CPU
so both the base model and the advanced
models have those new Intel CPUs again
I'll be doing full reviews of these
devices as they come in ok now I want to
end this video off with a discussion of
why why are almost all of the good
laptops still only running Intel this
year it's a question I think a lot of
you guys might be asking right now
because of how good am d's chips are and
there's obviously some conspiracies out
there like maybe Intel's forcing these
companies to use their stuff because you
know for pricing I think the real like
the reality is just track-record AMD has
not had a
good track record when it came to mobile
processors clearly it's different this
year clearly made something that's
really good
not just good not just excellent but
like exceeded expectations but that's
just their first time right so 1012
months ago when laptop manufacturers
were trying to make that decision do we
make an AMD based laptop not everyone
was willing to take that risk
Asus did the g14 is excellent and it
paid off for them because the chip is so
good but for these guys right they don't
have the tooling capabilities to try
something like that if you asked razor
to make that gamble a year ago hey razor
let's make an AMD blade that's a risky
move for them that's that's a dangerous
move for them considering how small that
company is compared to a C's so I think
what will happen is that because the
industry has has you know we have
eyeballs all right now on the AMD chips
they're clearly excellent like everyone
loves them so next year I think these
brands will probably be more aligned and
more willing to go with an AMD based
laptop so we may see an AMD based blade
we may see AMD based Mac books in the
future like there's just there's there's
reason now there's incentive now to
build an AMD based laptop okay I think
that wraps up this video I mean these
are really cool I think an AMD based
version of these things have been even
cooler but there we have it okay hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs we
liked it
subs of you loves it see you guys next
time
[Music]